[breaking] add error.html (#6367)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/03-routing.md

<h1>{$page.status}: {$page.error.message}</h1>
```

> SvelteKit will 'walk up the tree' looking for the closest error boundary — if the file above didn't exist it would try `src/routes/blog/+error.svelte` and `src/routes/+error.svelte` before rendering the default error page. If that fails, the contents of a static error page (`src/error.html` by default) will be rendered instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SvelteKit will 'walk up the tree' looking for the closest error boundary — if the file above didn't exist it would try `src/routes/blog/+error.svelte` and `src/routes/+error.svelte` before rendering the default error page. If _that_ fails, SvelteKit will bail out and render a static fallback error page, which you can customise by creating a `src/error.html` file.
```
